multus: Add sample job manifest for multus config validation (#12495)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/ceph-cluster-crd.md

The tool's CLI is designed to be as helpful as possible. Get help text for the multus validation
tool like so:
```console
kubectl --namespace rook-ceph exec -it deploy/rook-ceph-operator -- rook multus validation run --help
```

> Then, update the args in the [multus-validation](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/deploy/examples/multus-validation.yaml) job template, i.e, add the `nad-name` for public and cluster network and then, create the job to validate the Multus configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, update the args in the [multus-validation](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/deploy/examples/multus-validation.yaml) job template. Minimally, add the NAD name(s) for public and/or cluster network as needed, then create the job to validate the Multus configuration.
```

> Check the logs of the pod created by the job to know, the status of the validation test.

Reviewer: Also, I think this can be the last sentence of the paragraph above.
